# Powershell-Scripts
Sorry about the studid user name, it seemed like an amusing idea to use the first random words to came to my head when creating this account. Now it just looks childish and somewhat pretentious. Oh well, life is shit and I'm not changing it now. 
This repository is here to record my progress in learning Powershell, with the bonus that it will be useful in my work as a theatre sound engineer. Starting with a script called pa.ps1, which is called as a function 'Format-Audio' since 'Process-Audio' is frowned upon as Process is not a recognised verb. This script solves the following issues:
People come in with playback tracks that range from video files (only for the sound?...why??...tell me please!!!) to decent uncompressed PCM in little or big endian, and more often than not with inconsistent sample rates. Usually these tracks are jumping around in level too, which costs time to balance especially when shows have to be plotted in countable units of Planck time. So Format-Audio 'corrects' this mess and outputs a consistent folder of PCM audio.
The code will be updated when I learn new things in PS, (like replacing the Sed 'search and destroy' using PS string methods instead, if I can be bothered before moving on)
PS is quite strange after using C, JS and Bash for a long time. It has a familiar feel but will trip you up if you are too entrenched in the coding practices of the aforementioned.
Other scripts will be for theatre technician housekeeping and hopefully the code will improve with each script, with less reliance on utilities outside the Powershell environment.
